So what about submitting this the submit button of course is in our header and they offer you learned
how you can connect header and component.
We did it with the help of parents.
So I'll add a new function here in the edit product component.
Submit handler could be the name and then there in this function I want to do whatever needs to be done
to add a product or updated.
So we need to dispatch some regex actions.
For now I'll just console log submitting here so did we see that this executed.
Now we need to pass that submit handler to our parents and we can do that with the help of use effect
here which I show you early already and also with use callback and we wrap our function here with use
callback.
And of course this function has no dependencies right now.
So we can just use it like this does ensures the dysfunction isn't recreated every time the component
renders and therefore we are white entering an infinite loop.
And now we can execute use effect here to execute a function after every render cycle.
And here our dependency is submit handler which never changes.
Which means right now it is only executes once which is great because then we can set parents here pass
an object where we bind submit as a key to the submit handler now submit is a parameter which we can
retrieve here in our header our submit function can be fetch from nav data navigation get param submit
that's the key I just set up in the set parents call and submit function is there for what should be
executed when this button is pressed I'll just point on press to that submit function at the end now.
Right now one little change has all the required use callback like this would actually recreate it every
time does re renders we need to pass and that second argument which should be an empty array now it
is function will never be recreated and now we await an infinite loop.
So now if we go to the admin screen go here and click this button you actually see submitting here and
that works day for as it should.